Title: kiss 2.0.0 and overall changes

Carbs Linux kiss version 2.0.0 has been released which introduces
rsync repositories.

Git is no longer a mandatory dependency for the package manager,
every git source on the core repository has been replaced with
https sources (sbase, sinit), and rootfs tarballs will no longer
ship with git. Repositories in the upcoming tarball will be rsync
repositories.

Git is now on the `extra` repository and is still (optionally)
used in the package manager.

The idea behind this change is size reductions and increased
speed with rsync. As I said on the previous post, git repositories
get larger and larger over the time span. Currently my personal
copy of the git repository is around 77MB and I have forked KISS
Linux (as a shallow copy) around December. Obviously, I have commits
that I ommitted. I tend to create commits I dislike, which I change
with 'git reset --soft HEAD^', which doesn't actually remove the
commits, etc. A user will have a repository much smaller than mine.

This is a precaution with the added bonuses of speed and dropping a
mandatory dependency.


Binary Repositories
-------------------

A few days ago, I have also published [kiss-bin], a first version
for managing binary repositories. Currently, there are some caveats
that I'll be fixing along the way. I decided not to include this
in the package manager natively as managing the source based and
binary based packages together adds levels of complexity that we
do not want. Instead, this is an extension for kiss which sources
the package manager as a library. I hope to see it being adopted
by others interested on the matter as well.


[kiss-bin]: https://github.com/CarbsLinux/kiss-bin

That's about it.

Cheers,
Cem
